I can't control him
But I can control myself
Except for your business
I don't want anyone
The king wants to enter the palace
Open the door late at night
No one is allowed to enter or leave the palace
This king has the permission of the emperor
You can enter the palace at any time
The emperor has ordered
No one can enter the palace tonight
Kong Bao has an accident
Otherwise, I won't tell you my identity and let me go
The king has the key to report to the emperor
Why are you stopping me?
If you let this king in
No one can blame you.
But if you miss something big
I'm afraid you can't afford it.
It's the real king, please report
No one in the Qing Palace
The emperor must say
Why is the Qingri Palace so quiet?
Not even a guard is missing
Just go in and have a look.